README.md, before:

# Aperiodic Tiling 

A common technique for texturing large planes is to periodically tile a single texture, which often results in noticeable and distracting periodic patterns. The Aperiodic Tiling plugin contains a Unity surface shader that removes these noticeable tiling patterns by implementing a state-of-art stochastic tiling system as introduced in the paper by [Cohen et al](http://www.cs.jhu.edu/~misha/Fall19/Readings/Cohen03.pdf). 

## Features

- Pattern generator to generate unique tilings
- Normal mapping support
- Adjustable Level-of-Detail (LOD)
- Demo scene
- Two example tilesets (basic and flowers)
- Clean, well-documented code

## Screenshots

![Basic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40113382/90249906-90ae4c00-de3b-11ea-9fca-06894c1cb7e5.jpg)

![Flowers](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40113382/90249916-9310a600-de3b-11ea-9d8a-e6c2077cca38.jpg)

## Usage

Use the [Wang tiler](https://robburke.net/mle/wang/) by Rob Burke to generate the tiles from a single texture. Use any image editor to combine the tiles into a tileset.

Commit message:

Added an extra screenshot to the README
Also added a link to the tutorial video for creating custom tilesets.

README.md, after:

# Aperiodic Tiling 

A common technique for texturing large planes is to periodically tile a single texture, which often results in noticeable and distracting periodic patterns. The Aperiodic Tiling plugin contains a Unity surface shader that removes these noticeable tiling patterns by implementing a state-of-art stochastic tiling system as introduced in the paper by [Cohen et al](http://www.cs.jhu.edu/~misha/Fall19/Readings/Cohen03.pdf). 

## Features

- Pattern generator to generate random tilings
- Normal mapping support
- Adjustable Level-of-Detail (LOD)
- Demo scene
- Three example tilesets (basic, flowers and rocks)
- Easy to use user-interface
- Clean, well-documented code

## Screenshots

![Basic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40113382/90249906-90ae4c00-de3b-11ea-9fca-06894c1cb7e5.jpg)

![Flowers](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40113382/90249916-9310a600-de3b-11ea-9d8a-e6c2077cca38.jpg)

![Rocks](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40113382/90332145-d2b1cc00-dfba-11ea-8ba6-215a3e70f47c.jpg)

## Usage

The following [tutorial video](https://youtu.be/zU1IxlMyJv8) shows how to use Rob Burke's [Wang tiler](https://robburke.net/mle/wang/) to create a new custom tileset from a single source image.
